  This is ckmame, a program to check rom sets for MAME, the Multiple
Arcade Machine Emulator (http://mame.retrogames.com).  It tells you
which rom files are missing or have a wrong CRC, and can delete
unknown and unused files from the romsets.

  To use it, you need zlib (at least version 1.1.3) and either
Berkeley db or GNU gdbm, as well as a current output of `mame
-listinfo' (which you can find at the distribution site).

  You can find zlib at ftp://ftp.cdrom.com/pub/infozip/zlib, and gdbm
at your local GNU mirror (cf. http://www.gnu.org/server/list-mirrors.html).

  If you make a binary distribution, please include a pointer to
the distribution site
	ftp.giga.or.at /pub/nih/ckmame
	http://ftp.giga.or.at/pub/nih/ckmame
The latest version can always be found there.

Usage:
Use a recent MAME executable with the option `-listinfo' to create
the database input file, e.g.
xmame -listinfo > db.txt

Then start `mkmamedb', which reads `db.txt' (if you don't tell it
otherwise) and writes to `mame.db', or `mame.gdbm', depending on your
database support (only, if you don't tell it otherwise, too).

Set the environment variables `MAMEDB' to point to the database file
mkmamedb just created, and `ROMPATH' to the directory above the one
where your ROMs reside (`roms/' will be added automatically to each
entry). If you don't set them, ckmame will use the current directory
as default setting for both.

Then just type `ckmame', and off you go. You should probably redirect
the output to a file, as it can get rather big, if your ROMs haven't
been tended very well. Or take a look at the output of `ckmame -h' to
see some options which reduce the output.

If you trust ckmame enough, start it with the parameter `-F' and it
will fix your ROMs (or at least try to). Unrecognized ROMs will be
saved in the directory `garbage' in the ROMs-directory, in zipfiles
with the name of game.

  Mail suggestions and bug reports to <nih@giga.or.at>.



